---
title: colorsanmore
description: A powerful and flexible React color picker component.
author: Bradley Dirheimer
date: 2023-11-19
---
# `colorsanmore`

## Overview
`colorsanmore` is a powerful and flexible React color picker component designed for modern web applications. It offers customizable height, alpha visibility, and input field options. The package is built with TypeScript, ensuring type safety and developer-friendly usage.

## Features
- **Customizable Dimensions:** Adjust the height of the color picker to fit your UI.
- **Alpha Transparency Control:** Option to show or hide the alpha slider.
- **Flexible Input Fields:** Hide or show specific color format input fields (HEX, RGB, HSV).
- **Dynamic Color Updating:** React to color changes with an `onChange` event handler.
- **TypeScript Support:** Full TypeScript support for strong typing.

## Installation
```bash
npm install colorsanmore
```

## Usage
First, import the `ColorPicker` component:

```javascript
import { ColorPicker } from 'colorsanmore';
```

Then, use the `ColorPicker` in your React component:

```jsx
<ColorPicker
  height={250}
  hideAlpha={false}
  hideInput={['hex']}
  color={yourColorObject}
  onChange={handleColorChange}
/>
```

## Props

- `height?: number`: Optional height of the color picker.
- `hideAlpha?: boolean`: Optional flag to hide alpha slider.
- `hideInput?: (keyof ColorTypesMap)[] | boolean`: Optional array to specify which color inputs to hide.
- `color: ColorTypesMap`: The color object.
- `onChange: (color: ColorTypesMap) => void`: Function called when the color changes.

## Styling
Import the default styles:

```javascript
import "@flashmd/styles/styles.css";
```

You can customize the styling by overriding the CSS classes.

## Building and Development
- Run `npm run build` to build the package.
- `npm run document` generates documentation.
- `npm run format` to format code using Prettier.
- `npm run types` for TypeScript compilation.
- `npm run clean` to clean up the build files.

## Dependencies
Ensure the following dependencies are installed:
- React
- TypeScript
- Necessary types for React and Node.js

## License
This project is licensed under the MIT License.

## Author
Bradley Dirheimer `<b.dirheimer@gmail.com>`

---

For more information on usage and customization, refer to the detailed documentation generated by `npm run document`.